Update `create-liveblocks-app` CHANGELOG (#1457)
liveblocks/liveblocks: CHANGELOG.md

This release introduces Notifications (and unread indicators) for Comments.

### `create-liveblocks-app`

> - Add Inbox Notification hooks to `liveblocks.config`.
> - Move resolver options from `createRoomContext` to `createClient` and add
>   `resolveRoomsInfo` to the list of resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `createLiveblocksContext` and Notifications to `--init`.
- Move resolver options from `createRoomContext` to `createClient` and add
  `resolveRoomsInfo` to the list of resolvers.
```
